MTM-47846: doc: first cut of pulsar and databroker install guide (#603)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/edge/databroker.md

---
weight: 52

> title: Installing Pulsar & Databroker on Edge

Reviewer: One very general initial comment that applies in a lot of places - we should talk about the "Messaging Service" (rather than "Pulsar") and the  "Microservice-based Data broker" (vs. the legacy one that still exists) at least in the chapter titles and when introducing the concepts.  We don't hide the fact that the Messaging Service is mostly Pulsar but we should use the "marketing" name for the capability wherever possible.

Author: I've made these changes.

> title: Installing the Messaging Service & the Microservices-Based Databroker on Edge

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Installing the Messaging Service & the microservice-based data broker on Edge
```

> title: Installing the Messaging Service & the Microservices-Based Databroker on Edge

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Installing the Messaging Service and the microservices-based data broker on Edge
```

Reviewer: Should also be "microservice-based" not "microservices-based" (there is only one microservice involved)

Reviewer 2: updated the suggestion

Author: Changed.

> title: Installing the Messaging Service and the microservices-based data broker on Edge

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Installing the Messaging Service and the microservice-based data broker on Edge
```
